Initial Readme (#18)
Wondertan/go-ipfs-restore: README.md

[![Build](https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery.svg?style=svg)](https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Wondertan/go-ipfs-recovery)

# IPFS Recovery

> The project was originally started as a [submission](https://hack.ethglobal.co/hackfs/teams/recBTnbaJZ9h8JJUE/rec909D6romwHglDV) 

> > for the [HackFS](https://hackfs.com/) hackaton. Also check-out our [presentation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wyO7Zt5gAXuQUOh2Nlf_lhEjdZO2MelQ/view).

Reviewer: > hackathon

Building a way for content to persist permanently despite any damage to data and the network by  
bringing data recovery algorithms into IPFS protocol.

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Implementation](#implementation)
- [Algorithms](#algorithms)
- [Related Work](#related-work)
- [Future Work](#future-work)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [License](#license)

## Background

> The IPFS project, in its core, tries to upgrade the Internet to make it better in multiple ways. One of the goals is to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IPFS project, at its core, tries to upgrade the Internet to make it better in multiple ways. One of the goals is to 
```

make the Web permanent. This IPFS characteristic is very promising, but still not in the state of the art form and 

> requires more RnD in that vector. On the other side, Computer Science, for many years of existence, did multiple 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires more RnD in that vector. On the other side, Computer Science, for many years of existence, has plenty of research 
```

Author: `has plenty of research inventions` ?

> inventions related to data and the ways to make it persistent against multiple data-loss factors within mostly 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 related to data and the ways to make it persistent against multiple data-loss factors within mostly 
```

centralized systems. On the way to permanency, those inventions can apply to IPFS protocol taking the most out of them, 
and then newer innovations might take place instead after gathering all the experience. Further work in this avenue can 

> also ensure integrity even in doomsday scenarios where large portions of the network can go down while it is still possible 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also ensure integrity even in doomsday scenarios where large portions of the network can go down, allowing content to still be recovered. 
```

> to recover that content. Though there are multiple discussions in the IPFS ecosystem regarding the data persevering mechanisms, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though there are multiple discussions in the IPFS ecosystem regarding the data persevering mechanisms, 
```

like erasure codings, none of them were actually implemented.

The IPFS Recovery project brings data recovery algorithms into IPFS with the above aim. It does so by creating new IPLD 
data structures able to do self-recovery in case some of the nodes are lost and can't be found on the network due to 
node churn, network issues, or physical storage damage.

## Implementation

The Recovery currently points to the main IPFS implementation in Golang and follows all its development guidelines and
best practices. The Golang Recovery implementation is a fully modular library with clean API boundaries that aims to 
provide convenient use and excellent abstraction for all current and future implementation.

## Algorithms

### Reed-Solomon

For the initial version, the project started with industry-standard [Reed-Solomon](https://www2.cs.duke.edu/courses/spring10/cps296.3/rs_scribe.pdf) 
coding.

### Alpha Entanglements

> As a next step, novel [Alpha Entanglements](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02974.pdf) schema have been chosen. It provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a next step, novel [Alpha Entanglements](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02974.pdf) schema has been chosen. It provides
```

> better performance and higher recovery ratio comparing with the former algorithm. In particular, entaglements are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
better performance and higher recovery ratio comparing with the former algorithm. In particular, entanglements are
```

interesting as they provide the ability to create self-healing networks.

## Related Work

### IPFS Fork

As Recovery follows IPFS ecosystem modularity best practises, 

> it [fork](https://github.com/Wondertan/go-ipfs/tree/recovery) is integrated in a just a few small changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its [fork](https://github.com/Wondertan/go-ipfs/tree/recovery) is integrated in a just a few small changes. 
```
